[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] The Straw Hats
formed an alliance with Law
and launched an attack
on the Warlord, Doflamingo,
who had a firm grip on
the Kingdom of Dressrosa.
In one harrowing
battle after another,
the Straw Hats and
their allies defeated
each of the Don Quixote
Family Executives,
until at last...
All right. King Kong...
[yells]
...Gun!
[NARRATOR]
Luffy defeats Doflamingo!
[TOWNSPEOPLE cheering]
Come back to the throne.
King of Miracles,
Riku Doldo the Third.
[FUJITORA] You friend's
a smart man there, King Riku.
This entire mess is
Doflamingo's doing.
I would hate to see you shoulder
the responsibility alone
for the error in his judgment.
That crooked pirate
was unfit to rule,
but thanks to a
broken arrangement
with bunch of convicts,
the Seven Warlord
System failed you.
Sadly, Dressrosa was
forced to pay this price.
By the blood-stained hands
of us! The World Government.
[FUJITORA]
People of the kingdom,
and members of the royal family.
[FUJITORA]
On behalf of the Government,
allow me to offer my
most humble of apologies.
With deep regret.
We've done you
a terrible disservice.
[LUFFY]
"Sending a Shock Wave!
The Worst Generation
Goes Into Action!"
[TOWNSPEOPLE gasp]
Th-The Navy Admiral's
bowing to King Riku?
[TOWNSMAN B]
Wow, they're recording it, too!
[APPLENINE gasping]
Hey! Look! That guy's
an admiral, right?
No way!
[APPLENINE C]
This is a big deal!
Something really nuts
happened in Dressrosa!
Please raise your head, Admiral.
Fujitora?
Come on now, do you truly wish
for the world to see this?
[DOLDO]
My word! Don't tell me...
[DOLDO] Is this why you
did not engage Doflamingo?
Fujitora!
It was about time the world
found out the truth.
So, I took one mighty gamble
and let them do
all the fighting.
It was what was
needed to be done.
How could we let that Warlord do
whatever he pleased
for all those years
then swoop in here and
start preaching about justice?
It doesn't sit right with me.
We can't play hero
for a problem we made.
[FUJITORA] What we
witnessed today was a kingdom
that came together and
seized its own justice.
You should be thanking
the courageous actions
of pirates, gladiators,
and your citizens.
[snoring]
[USOPP]
Hey! Luffy!
Where are ya, buddy?
[USOPP]
Zoro!
[KIN'EMON]
Oh! Hello, Sir Usopp!
[USOPP]
You're all okay! You hear?
Luffy knocked the lights
outta Doflamingo!
--I heard.
--I mean,
everything worked out
just like I planned,
so it's no surprise.
Huh?
I'm delighted you've regained
your ability to walk!
Yeah, you bet!
As soon as Luffy won, I got
all of my power back, instantly!
[laughs]
That's SUPER!
[screams]
[FRANKY chuckles] That was
a super victory for us, too!
[USOPP]
Don't scare me like that,
ya no-pants-wearing robo-perv!
[FRANKY]
Whoa, don't talk me up so much!
[USOPP]
I didn't!
--[FRANKY] Got me blushin'!
--[USOPP] What?
[FRANKY]
It's a robot thing.
It's time we let them
know Straw Hat's here.
Don't you think?
[REBECCA]
Mm-hmm.
Splendid work.
The arduous battle is over.
[KYROS] You are all quite
remarkable warriors.
I am so proud.
I thank you all.
I know it's been difficult.
Anti-Doflamingo Force.
Little King Riku Army!
Yes, sir, Commander?
Your operation is now complete!
So, from this day forward...
...we're disbanded!
[DWARVES]
Commander!
Be proud, little warden
deities of Dressrosa.
[DWARVES gasp]
Although you're
small in stature,
your courage is unmatched.
[KYROS]
I am humbled by your bravery.
Though our battalion
will be dissolved today,
it would seem we still have
much work to tend to.
[KYROS]
So let us band together anew.
And rebuild our
beautiful Dressrosa!
Please look after
our home, little fairies.
[DWARVES cheering]
[MARINE A] Admiral Issho!
The video broadcast
to the surrounding islands
was a success!
All right, thanks for your help.
Tank! The Navy
must maintain face.
The pirates and
gladiators should hide.
Take them to the palace.
Same goes for anyone
without a home.
Can you do that?
It'd be my pleasure, King Riku.
[AKAINU] So. You're telling me
that that whole mix-up
with Doflamingo
leaving the Warlords
was actually from some power
even higher than the lot of you?
Wanna explain how
that rat, Doflamingo,
was able to manipulate
the world to his will?!
This kinda malarkey needs
to end or else I'll be
the laughingstock of
the entire Navy.
Don't pull a stunt
like that ever again.
It would be wise
to hold your tongue, Admiral.
Your honor is of no concern
to us right now.
Don't get a big head!
The Navy merely acts
as our public face.
[ELDER STAR B]
Regardless, this whole affair
was placed in
Cipher Pol's hands.
Huh? Cipher Pol, you say?
Let's lay out the facts here.
Sounds like the
Celestial Dragon's puppet
went right over your heads.
Are you all really
okay with that?
Watch your
insolent mouth, Sakazuki.
Got anything to say
about Kuzan?
[AKAINU]
Hm?
[ELDER STAR E] How is
someone as powerful as him
allying himself with
Blackbeard of all people?
The Navy's reputation
is already sullied!
That lackadaisical jackass
officially resigned!
Who he chooses to partner with
has absolutely jack
to do with us!
[SICILY]
Five Elders! Fleet Admiral!
[AKAINU]
Huh?
[pants] I have urgent news.
It's concerning the state of
the Don Quixote Family!
Doflamingo has fallen!
Defeated by Straw Hat
and Law's alliance!
But in the process,
Dressrosa was reduced
to rubble, completely.
[AKAINU]
Huh? That's absurd!
I see.
It was that damned boy?
[AKAINU growling]
[SICILY]
Sir, it doesn't end there!
[AKAINU]
Huh?!
[NARRATOR]
The broadcast transmission
that was sent from Dressrosa
quickly became the talk
of every country.
There's breaking news,
everybody!
[NARRATOR]
Spreading like wildfire,
it caused chaos
amongst the underworld.
[MAN B]
Joker was defeated!
[SOLDIER A]
Your Majesty!
He was the only
weapon supplier we had!
We'll announce our
surrender at once.
[SOLDIERS gasp]
The war is finally over!
[PIRATE CAPTAIN A] But we've
already paid! We had a deal!
Joker, you slimy bastard!
The weapons are
somewhere in Dressrosa!
So is a Navy Admiral!
Forget about it, man!
So our sweet Devil Fruit
deal fell through?
What's gonna happen to
my SMILE agreement, huh?
If only those meddling
punks hadn't shown up!
[SENGOKU]
Come on, Tsuru.
You didn't need to
set sail, I have this.
[TSURU] Took the words
right outta my mouth,
Inspector General.
[SENGOKU] Well, I suppose you
have been on their trail
for quite some time now.
[TSURU]
Yes, by your orders!
[SENGOKU]
Want a cracker?
[TSURU]
I'm good.
[NARRATOR]
It was only a matter of time
before the pirates of
the Worst Generation
caught wind of the news
from Dressrosa.
These eleven rookies,
who have bounties
over one hundred million each,
come from a variety
of powerful crews.
They're infamous troublemakers
who made their rise
at the end of
the Great Pirate Era.
It's said they hold the key
to the future of
this war-torn world.
Might I suggest this?
Supreme is our
special of the day!
Huh? A thief!
Get back here, you old bag!
Now, where'd that old lady go?
Damn, just a kid!
Where are you? Hey!
[BONNEY] Mmm. Dang, they took
out Doflamingo. Not bad!
I'm proud to call 'em
generation mates!
[MONK PIRATE A] High Priest
Urouge! High Priest Urouge!
[gasping] There's somebody
up here! High Priest!
Now that's just silly.
Do you know where we are?
A remote cloud island,
where no one can bother us.
Trust me when I say it's a bird.
[CAPONE] Whoa, whoa,
the cojones on them two guys.
Looks like our
lil' pirate "pallys"
are making a name
for themselves.
That means we'll be
glomming Caesar
for ourselves, boys. Capiche?
[FIRETANK PIRATES]
Yeah. Father!
[KID] That didn't take 'em long
to pull ahead of us.
This is a huge triumph.
Interesting, since Doflamingo's
got connections with Kaido.
There's no way he's not
gonna be pissed off.
If this was intentional, they
just outted who they're after.
One of The Four Emperors.
Facing the King of
the Beasts himself, huh?
[KILLER] Well, at least our
target is different than theirs.
It saves us the hassle of
wasting manpower on them.
That still leaves
Red-Haired Shanks all to us.
We'll be able keep
focusing on that goal.
[NARRATOR]
Word even traveled to Drake,
who once made name for
himself by provoking Kaido.
[PIRATE A]
Doflamingo killed your old man?
How'd I not know?
That's in the past now.
I bear no grudge.
[PIRATE A]
Damn, dude, you are ice-cold!
[PIRATE B]
Why not come help us?
This needs to be reported
to the big man,
and something tells me,
he won't be happy.
[PIRATE C] Master Kaido!
You're not gonna like this!
[PIRATE A] That schmuck,
Joker, screwed up a good thing!
We won't be getting
SMILEs anymore!
[AKAINU] Stop playing
dumb with me, Issho!
[AKAINU] Now, you damn well
know what it means
for a ranking official to admit
an oversight on this scale!
Why didn't you think to
first report this to HQ?
If I'd followed protocol,
I have a feeling that
the news would've come out
with a bit of a
different spin on it.
[AKAINU]
Huh? Care to repeat that?
[SMOKER] I believe
the Seven Warlord System
should be abolished.
Two years ago,
I was there in person when
Crocodile's ruse was exposed.
And the Navy couldn't do
a damn thing about it.
If it weren't for
the Straw Hats back then,
Alabasta would have
become a pirate nation,
just like Dressrosa is now.
But the Government
falsely declared
Crocodile's downfall
was due to the Navy!
If only I had a higher
rank back then!
I'll be damned.
Fujitora really did it.
Well done.
I remember how frustrated
both of us were
after what happened
back in Alabasta.
But this time, the Straw Hats'
achievement won't be covered up.
It kinda feels like retribution
for that whole mess.
I'll hand it to him.
I couldn't pull this off when
I was in the same position.
I'm completely astonished.
Oh! We've got muffins!
Shall I make some coffee?
I said astonished, not famished!
[GIRL A]
Hey, Sis! We're hungry!
[KIDS]
Starving!
You can have his share, then!
Anyone want coffee?
You can't give coffee
to kids, silly!
[BOY A]
I want a muffin!
[BOY B]
Where's Mr. "MegaFunk"?
I think you mean "Vegapunk."
It'll take just a few more days
before we reach his lab,
so hang tight, okay?
Look at that. The Captain's
so good with kids.
Man, I wish I were five!
[TASHIGI]
All right, enough guys.
There's still plenty
of work to do.
[MARINES]
Yes, ma'am!
[MARINE C] I love it when
you scold me, Captain!
[AKAINU] It's called damage
control and it's common!
[FUJITORA] Our superiors
thought those pirates
would help maintain
balance in this world.
The government
gave them authority
and they made people
suffer in turn.
Now, you expect me
to paint myself a hero.
Lying about solving
a problem that we created?
[AKAINU] This is about HQ's
credibility and dignity!
Uh. Issho, sir! I'd be careful.
[AKAINU sighs] Your egocentric
actions have caused
our system of justice
to lose all face today!
If your face is
all you care about,
then you should try a little
harder to keep it clean.
If admitting to a wrong-doing
means your trust is gone,
then I'd say you never had any
in the first place, sir!
[MARINES gasp]
[panting]
[AKAINU growling]
[AKAINU]
You're going to clean this
entire disaster up, Fujitora.
You will not set a foot in any
Naval Base in the entire world
until you bring me Straw Hat
and Law's heads.
You understand?!
[FUJITORA] Fine by me.
That's just what I wanted.
I want some meat.
[NARRATOR] Sabo checks in
with the Straw Hats
before leaving town
but finds only a few members
are still awake.
Revealing that he's
Luffy's brother,
he reminisces about
his childhood
and what made him
the man he is today.
From a boy who
was presumed dead,
to a hero of the
Revolutionary Army,
his journey is one to remember.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"The Birth of the Legend!
The Adventures of the
Revolutionary Warrior Sabo!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!